Docs: Update Google Cloud Monitoring documentation (#43135)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/google-cloud-monitoring/_index.md

## Google Cloud Monitoring settings

> To access Google Cloud Monitoring settings, hover your mouse over the **Configuration** (gear) icon, then click **Data Sources**, click **Add data source**, then click the Google Cloud Monitoring data source.

Reviewer: Let's keep the "and", as it is needed here.

Author: Done

#### Create a GCP Service Account for a Project

1. Navigate to the [APIs and Services Credentials page](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials).

> 2. Click on the `Create credentials` dropdown/button and choose the `Service account` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Create credentials** dropdown/button and select the **Service account** option.
```

> 3. Fill in a name for the service account in the Service account name field and then choose the Monitoring Viewer role from the Role dropdown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Service account name**, enter a name for the account.
1. From the **Role** dropdown, choose the **Monitoring Viewer** role as shown in the image below:
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v71/cloudmonitoring_service_account_choose_role.png" max-width="600px" class="docs-image--no-shadow" caption="Choose role" >}}

> 5. Continue and click Done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Done**.
```

> 6. Use the newly created account to [create a service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#iam-service-account-keys-create-console).
> 7. A JSON key file will be created and downloaded to your computer. Store this file in a secure place as it allows access to your Google Cloud Monitoring data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the newly created account to [create a service account key](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-account-keys#iam-service-account-keys-create-console). A JSON key file is created and downloaded to your computer. 
1. Store this file in a secure place as it allows access to your Google Cloud Monitoring data.
```

> 8. Upload it to Grafana on the data source Configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the key to Grafana via the data source configuration page.
```

> 9. The file contents will be encrypted and saved in the Grafana database. Don't forget to save after uploading the file!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file contents will be encrypted and saved in the Grafana database. Don't forget to save the file after uploading!
```

To create an SLO query, follow these steps:

1. Choose the option **Service Level Objectives (SLO)** in the **Query Type** dropdown.

> 2. Choose a project from the **Project** dropdown.

Reviewer: These should all be "1.". Please update to match correct format.

Author: My IDE fights me 🙃 Is there a reason they should all be 1?
Is that blocking? I can work around it if it is absolutely necessary. Let me know. 🙂

Reviewer: Unfortunately, yes. They all need to be "1". Thanks for checking!

Author: Done!

## Configure the data source with provisioning

> You can configure data sources using config files with Grafana's provisioning system. Read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning docs page]({{< relref "../../administration/provisioning/#data-sources" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provision CloudWatch data source by modifying Grafana's configuration files. To learn more about provisioning and all the settings you can set, see the [provisioning documentation]({{< relref "../../administration/provisioning/#data-sources" >}})
```
